[Issuee#398] Edit JavaScript: DataTypes (#416)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/data-types/data-types.md

---
Title: 'Data Types'

> Description: 'Data types is a classification concept of data in programming. In JavaScript, there are eight fundamental data types: Number, BigInt, String, Boolean, Null, Undefined, Symbol, and Object.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Data types are how data in programming is classified. In JavaScript, there are eight fundamental data types: Number, BigInt, String, Boolean, Null, Undefined, Symbol, and Object.'
```

  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> Data types is a classification concept of data in programming. In JavaScript, there are eight fundamental data types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data types are how data in programming is classified. In JavaScript, there are eight fundamental data types:
```

The first 7 of those types are considered primitive data types. They are the most basic data types in the language. Objects are a little more complex.

> At first, eight types may not seem like that many, but they are the foundation that helps programmers to build a whole new world.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At first, eight types may not seem like that many, but they are the foundation that helps programmers build a whole new world.
```

### Examples

* Number and BigInt

```js
var num     = 7;
var bigNum  = 9999999999999999n;
```

> BigInt is necessary for big numbers because they are unreliable with Number type:

Reviewer: This might be better as a comment in the below code block. All the other descriptive text is in code comments.

> ```codebyte/js
> // BigInt is necessary for big numbers because they are unreliable with Number type:
> console.log(9999999999999999);  // Output: 10000000000000000
> console.log(9999999999999999n); // Output: 9999999999999999n
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
BigInt is necessary for big numbers because they are unreliable with Number type:

```codebyte/js
console.log(9999999999999999);
console.log(9999999999999999n);
```
```

- String

```js

> // String in JavaScript can be defined with both '' or ""

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Strings in JavaScript can be defined with either '' or ""
```

var greeting = 'Hi buddy';

> var message = 'You are doing great! Keep studying!';

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
var message = "You are doing great! Keep studying!";
```

```

- Boolean

```js

> // Boolean is for truth values

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Boolean is for truthy or falsy values
```

var isTheEarthFlat = false;
```

- Null and Undefined

> 
> ```js
> // Null and Undefined are both for the absence of a value, but they have different meanings
> // Undefined means there should be some values, but it is undefined now
> var finishCourseTime = undefined;
> // Null means there is no value here
> var finishStudyingDate = null;
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Null and Undefined are both for the absence of a value, but they have different meanings.

```js
// Undefined means there should be some values, but it is undefined now
var finishCourseTime = undefined;

// Null means there is no value here
var finishStudyingDate = null;
```
```

- Object

```js

> // object can have fields with different values and types inside

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Objects can have fields with different values and types inside
```
